Create ui-c8y-1020-0-0-direct-sub-users-count-indicator-for-a-user-is-missing-in.md (#2094)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1020-0-0-direct-sub-users-count-indicator-for-a-user-is-missing-in.md

---
date: ""

> title: Direct-sub-users-count-indicator-for-a-user-is-missing-in-users-list-page (#6222)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Add direct sub-users count indicator for a user on the users list page
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-59054
version: 1020.0.0
---

> Direct-sub-users-count-indicator-for-a-user-is-missing-in-users-list-page (#6222)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In the Cumulocity IoT platform, it can be helpful for administrators to quickly see how many direct sub-users a user has. Previously, this information was not directly visible on the users list page, requiring additional navigation to determine the number of sub-users. With this change, a new column has been added to the users list page which displays the count of direct sub-users for each user. This allows administrators to more easily understand the user hierarchy and manage user accounts without needing to navigate to each individual user's details page.
```
